Our app will be an android app created for android phones. It is similar to the popular app Logos Quiz for Apple devices. Except our version will have a much simpler on screen keyboard to use and it will be designed for kids. Instead of using logos liek car companies or beer we will use logos of cereals and kids tv shows. We will most likely develop this app cross platform, using Flash for the logos and animations and app inventor to actually create and code the app. We can test the app once we are finished with my phone an HTC EVO 4G SHIFT. The app will have a start up screen introducing the app and the developer names and things like that. After that it will have a screen that displays all of the possible logos available for guessing but the logos will be small and the screen can be swipeable to see the rest of the logos. If the user taps on one of the logos a new screen will appear that displays the logo tapped, a box in which the user can submit and answers in a box (the app will check for correct answers with an IF ELSE statement similar to QuizMe. It will only accept perfect spelling.)and possible a "give me a hint" button, that will display a hint to the user if they cannot guess the correct name of the logo. The timeline should be, research and picture creation should take one or two classes. The creation of each page and visual aspect should be finished in a another class or two. The coding will be the last thing that will take another class or two. Depending on how well we researched how to use AppInventor or Dreamweaver. If time allows we could categorize the logo difficulty into levels like the original Logos quiz for Apple devices.